hi guys this is my first video so bear
with me this video is for someone with a
3gs iphone 3gs that would like to unlock
their phone to be able to use with any
sim card if their phone currently has OS
4.35 or 5.0 this video is for you so
basically here is a 3gs our 4.35 and i'm
just going to walk you through the
simple simple steps but you can do to
unlock this phone okay untethered unlock
and jailbreak first thing you need to do
is have itunes completely updated to the
newest version you can do that at apple
com the next thing you need to do is
plug in your iphone to itunes okay is
now plug into itunes then turn off the
thumb
then after that you're going to put the
phone into dfu mode and this is very
important that you do exactly how I
stated here there are other ways to do
it but I'm not confident they will work
so do it exactly as I show you first
thing you're going to do is you're going
to put your finger on the sleep button
for three seconds you're going to hold
it down then you're going to continue to
hold it down and then hold down the home
button with the sleep button for 10
seconds then you're going to release the
sleep button after 10 seconds and just
hold the home button so again it's going
to be sleep button for three seconds
continue to hold the sleep button then
add holding the home button for an
additional 10 seconds then release the
sleep button for an additional 10
seconds your computer will actually make
a noise like whatever windows version
you have it'll make a noise indicating
that the phone has disconnected from the
computer or has gone into recovery mode
so i'm going to show you i'm going to do
it right now 1 2 3 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
so now it's a dfu and the way you can
tell is iTunes will actually say that
they found a phone in recovery mode and
I ask you for the option of restoring it
you're good to say okay then you're
going to hold down the shift button and
then you'll get a press restore I have
to put the phone down for a second to do
this so after pressing shift and then
restore you choose iphone to 14.1
restore firmware you have to have this
firmware it's really easy to get I will
include a link on where to get it so you
double click on that then it will ask if
you'd like to restore you press restore
so now here's the simple thing that most
people don't know you actually have to
do this twice in order for this to work
it'll take you to the full restore then
it will put the phone back into recovery
mode and then all you do is when it says
so there's a phone in recovery mode you
press ok and you do the exact thing
again that you did the first time you
get a press shift hold it down then
click on restore go back to the 4.1
firmware that's in your computer and
restore it again on 4.1 then the second
time it goes through it will do the same
thing it will go in recovery mode and
then what you're going to do is use a
program that is also in the link below
that's called I reb looks like this
sorry this way
okay it's called I Reb are for okay it's
in the link below once you open I Reb
there's three taps you click the middle
tab which is recovery mode loop fixer
you click set auto boot true fixes 1015
errors and recovery loops you click that
while keeping the phone plugged in it
will actually pop your phone out of
recovery mode and then now you're on
life OS 4.1 so from there just use
redsnow I prefer red snow version 9.6 RC
16 I'm also going to put that link below
and if you need to know how to use that
version there's so many YouTube videos
for that it's really easy it's also on
many websites but it's an untethered
jailbreak it's very simple from there
you are jailbroken and unlocked it
that's what you'd like to do okay thanks
for watching guys bye